hi this is alia and today is very
exciting because we're going to learn
how to cook something that not many
people cook at home we're going to make
mussels in French we call the wood in a
Moroccan Boozer book so when I have two
restaurants I notice that many people
order them for appetizer appetizer or
main dish with tomato sauce or broth or
whatever but I don't see many people
cook in them at home and I think the
reason is they think it's difficult but
today I'm here to prove to you how easy
it is to make mussels at home they're
super easy to make they're delicious
because we're going to make them more
rockin style with tomato sauce and
Sharmila spices you are going to love
this recipe and on top of that when you
put it on your table people are going to
think you're a professional chef and I
promise that so that's it let's start
the most important step is this one make
sure that the mussels are fresh and the
way to test this is of course you buy
the fresh and then here I put them in
cold water and as you notice they're
closed
they're not open and even if they're a
little open if I push a little bit on
the mussel is going to close itself if
the mussel is open and doesn't close in
cold water or when you touch it then
throw it right away
it means it's dead the mussels are alive
and that's why they react to the cold
water unfortunately we have to cook them
alive but you'll forget this fact when
you eat them because they're very yummy
so if one of the mussels is dead it
means it's going to be toxic
and you're going to get sick okay so
really really important and also make
sure you wash your mussels very well and
you scrub them and
clean I've already done that so I'm
ready to cook them we need a large pot
so on medium-high heat drizzle the olive
oil add the tomato sauce and this is
place tomato sauce from a can add a
chopped tomato to get a little more
texture here we have chopped garlic YUM
I'll add half of the parsley and
cilantro now and half later so keep that
for later and for the spices I have
paprika cumin salt and pepper and that's
it
mix it all cover your pot and cook it
for a few minutes until the tomatoes
start bubbling so they're hot enough and
they start bubbling after five minutes
you notice the tomato is basically
boiling the tomato sauce so mix it well
and now add the muscles and I drained
them from the water so just them
directly mixed up see this one is broken
so I'm going to take it away I didn't
see it but this one is broken no boy
it's getting my sauce anyway so now just
mix all of them like this cover your pot
and cook the mussels for around 10
minutes on medium high heat from time to
time check on the mussels
make sure there's enough liquid in the
pot so the tomato sauce is there that's
good otherwise if it's um not enough you
can add a little bit of water but here I
didn't even have water and as you notice
the mussels start opening and that's a
good sign which is now they're of course
dying and cooking so they should open so
that's good so continue cooking them our
muscles are
I cook them for around 15 minutes as you
can see the sauce is thicker they're all
opened up this is perfect and now I'm
going to add the rest of the parsley and
cilantro
so I'll just mix it in it's fresh and
tasty yeah and that's it now I'm ready
to serve them and that's it the mussels
are ready wasn't that easy right I
promise you it's a very very easy recipe
but look how it looks it's like a dish
from a restaurant is like a professional
chef make this right and I'm going to
taste it for you you serve it with bread
baguette French bread Italian bread
whatever bread you want crusty bread and
so you use the bread to dip it in the
sauce
look at this sauce Oh YUM and it smells
oh my God look at this mmm mmm so good
it's really really good mmm let me just
a mouthful for you
Wow mmm the sauce is so flavorful just
all the steps they're so easy you can
feel that all the spices and it's warm
and the flavors are like my home Oh YUM
wanna taste it again
my cat is meowing here haha big visit
she's here she's smelling it as well hmm
you want some okay now just for me mmm
yeah you have to try this and let me
know what you think and the recipe the
link to the recipe and the ingredients
are
in the bath beneath on the video in the
About section then check me out on
Facebook I'm very active there that's it
benefitting by